Add blog for PersistentVolumeLastPhaseTransitionTime feature GA in v1.31 (#47206)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2024-08-13-pv-last-phase-transition-time-ga.md

---
layout: blog

> title: "Kubernetes v1.31: PersistentVolume last phase transition time move to GA"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Kubernetes v1.31: PersistentVolume Last Phase Transition Time Moves to GA"
```
For now, we write titles in title case.

> date: 2023-08-13

Reviewer 2: 2023?

Author: Typo - corrected.

slug: last-phase-transition-time-ga
author: >
  Roman Bednář (Red Hat)
---

> Announcing the graduation to General Availability (GA) of the PersistentVolumeLastPhaseTransitionTime in Kubernetes v1.31!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Announcing the graduation to General Availability (GA) of the PersistentVolume `lastTransitionTime` status
field, in Kubernetes v1.31!
```

> Announcing the graduation to General Availability (GA) of the PersistentVolume Last Phase Transition Time in Kubernetes v1.31!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Announcing the graduation to General Availability (GA) of the PersistentVolumeLastPhaseTransitionTime in Kubernetes v1.31!
```

Author: Applied.

> The Kubernetes SIG Storage team is excited to announce that the "PersistentVolume Last Phase Transition Time" feature, introduced

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes SIG Storage team is excited to announce that the "PersistentVolumeLastPhaseTransitionTime" feature, introduced
```

Author: Applied.

Author: Applied.

as an alpha in Kubernetes v1.28, has now reached GA status and is officially part of the Kubernetes v1.31 release. This enhancement
helps Kubernetes users understand when a [PersistentVolume](/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/) transitions between 
different phases, allowing for more efficient and informed resource management.

> With this feature enabled, every PersistentVolume object will have a new field `.status.lastTransitionTime`, that holds a timestamp of

Reviewer: You can't actually disable the feature gate, so:
```suggestion
For a v1.31 cluster, you can now assume that every PersistentVolume object has a
`.status.lastTransitionTime` field, that holds a timestamp of
```
